[MC-646][MC-697] Improve error messaging in Query Group Membership action in AD LDAP plugin (#996)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: plugins/active_directory_ldap/help.md

# Version History

> * 5.3.1 - Add better error message in case that the specified group was not found in the Query Group Membership action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 5.3.1 - Improved error messaging in case the specified group was not found in the Query Group Membership action
```
